---
title: 'Testimonials'
layout: 'default'
---
My Wellness Journey~thus far 

I think that the most important reason I chose to look for a health coach was depression. I had for many years (since I was a child) dealt with it by using meds prescribed by my family doctor and countless other doctors and counselors. They couldn't seem to get the dose or the right meds and for years I just felt it just was a losing battle. The meds did nothing to help and they always had even worse side effects~a double-edged sword for sure! The meds were really not getting to the root of the anxieties. I found a really great Christian counselor who for several years helped me get to the root of the anxieties and deep depression, but for some reason she would not talk with me unless I had Xanax, Prozac or what have you in my system! Pitiful! So I was on these down and up anxieties, dark moods, melt-downs, SAD,etc. I had come to the end of one session and my counselor said that that was all she could do for me. However, she suggested a psychiatrist to look into the why's of my depression that seemingly was worse than she could deal with. So frustrating! The Psychiatrist said I was OCD, PTSD, bipolar; and a whole bunch of alphabet soup distinctions and I made up my mind from that point that I was not going to kowtow to meds again. Nope! 

My husband looked online for a Health Coach. Someone who is a Christian and I am and could help me figure out the root of the depression and anxiety. I met with Dawn over the phone. This was the person I was looking for ! God put me in touch with a personable, loving and generous woman of God. Wow! I am so glad I called her!! I called her a couple days after my 50th birthday and have been so pleased with the results of feeling energetic and whole. It is a new experience for me because I had really never felt this really healthy before! What a difference she (Dawn) has made in my life! The real culprit? SUGAR!!! I have been off of white sugar for 2 months now and I have never felt better! What an eye-opening experience! Who knew that going off the white stuff would change so much? I had a real hard time, in the beginning, because I was so attached to it. I was a slave to sugar. I had to have it to pump me up, at the end of every meal, when I was sad, angry,etc. And now that has gone away. No need for the processed sweetener. The chains have been lifted and I have no more problems with anxieties, depression, SAD,etc. I do feel sadness at times but not the drag-me-down tormenting angst I had in the past. Thank You Jesus! 

-B.F. Poughkeepsie, NY 